adding user docs how to access metrics in Openshift (#52)
vshn/appcat-user-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/vshn-managed/how-tos/access_metrics.adoc

= Access VSHN Managed Services metrics in Openshift console

> You can browse VSHN Managed Services metrics in Openshift console. To do that, please follow below steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can browse metrics for VSHN Managed Services in the Openshift console. To do that, please follow these steps:
```
